# Data interface
openmc/data/ @paulromano

# Python bindings to C/C++ API
openmc/lib/ @paulromano

# Depletion
openmc/deplete/ @drewejohnson
tests/regression_tests/deplete/ @drewejohnson
tests/unit_tests/test_deplete_*.py @drewejohnson

# MG-related functionality
openmc/mgxs_library.py @nelsonag
src_cpp/mgxs.cpp @nelsonag
src_cpp/mgxs_interface.cpp @nelsonag
src_cpp/physics_mg.cpp @nelsonag
src_cpp/scattdata.cpp @nelsonag
src_cpp/xsdata.cpp @nelsonag

# CMFD
openmc/cmfd.py @shikhar413
src_cpp/cmfd_solver.cpp @shikhar413

# DAGMC
src_cpp/dagmc.cpp @pshriwise
tests/regression_tests/dagmc/ @pshriwise
tests/unit_tests/dagmc/ @pshriwise

# Photon transport
openmc/data/BREMX.DAT @amandalund
openmc/data/compton_profiles.h5 @amandalund
openmc/data/photon.py @amandalund
src_cpp/photon.cpp @amandalund
src_cpp/bremsstrahlung.cpp @amandalund
tests/regression_tests/photon_production/ @amandalund
tests/regression_tests/photon_source/ @amandalund

# RCP and TRISOs
openmc/model/triso.py @amandalund
tests/regression_tests/triso/ @amandalund
tests/unit_tests/test_model_triso.py @amandalund

# Geometry plotting
src_cpp/plot.cpp @pshriwise
openmc/lib/plot.py @pshriwise

# Resonance covariance
openmc/data/resonance_covariance.py @icmeyer

# Docker
Dockerfile @shimwell
